[C#] Added Exceptions exercise (#1655)
exercism/v3: languages/csharp/exercises/concept/exceptions/.docs/introduction.md

> Exceptions in C# provide a structured, uniform, and type-safe way of handling error conditions that occur during runtime. Proper handling of exceptions and error is important when trying to prevent application crashes.

Reviewer: I really like this introduction text! Well done.

In C#, all exceptions have `System.Exception` class as their base type. It contains important properties such as `Message`, which contains a human-readable description of the reason for the exception being thrown.

To signal that there should be an error in a certain part of the code, a new exception object needs to be created and then thrown,using the `throw` keyword:

```csharp

> using System;
> static int Square(int number)
> {
>     if (number >= 46341)
>     {
>         throw new ArgumentException($"Argument {number} cannot be higher than 46340 as its' square doesn't fit into int type.");
>     }
>     return number * number;
> }

Reviewer: Maybe reduce the boilerplate code here a bit to just focus on the newly introduced syntax?

```suggestion
if (number == -1)
{
    throw new ArgumentException("The number cannot be equal to -1");
}
```

```

> When an exception gets thrown, the runtime has the task of finding a piece of code that is responsible for handling of that exception. If no appropriate handler is found, the runtime displays the unhandled exception message in addition to stoping the execution of the program. To create a handler for an exception, C# uses the try-catch statement, which consists of a `try` block and one or more `catch` clauses. The `try` block should contain and guard code that may result in the exception getting thrown. The `catch` clauses should contain code that handles the behaviour of the program after the error has occured.

Reviewer: I really like how you've explained this! One thing that might be useful to add as it can trip students up while working on the exercise, is that the first matching clause will be executed (order matters).

```csharp

> using System;
> public static int Calculate()
> {
>     try
>     {
>         Console.WriteLine(Square(47_762));
>     }
>     catch (ArgumentException e)
>     {
>         Console.WriteLine($"Method failed with the following message: {e.Message}");
>     }
> }

Reviewer: Maybe reduce the boilerplate code here a bit to just focus on the newly introduced syntax? In fact, we could combine the two examples into one:

```suggestion
try
{
   if (number == -1)
   {
       throw new ArgumentException("The number cannot be equal to -1", "number");
   }
   
   if (number < 0)
   {
      throw new ArgumentOutOfRangeException("number", "The number cannot be negative");
   }

    // Process number ...
}
catch (ArgumentOutOfRangeException e)
{
    Console.WriteLine($"Number is out of range: {e.Message}");
}
catch (ArgumentException)
{
    Console.WriteLine($"Invalid number");
}
```

```

Some of the more common exceptions include `IndexOutOfRangeException`, `ArgumentOutOfRangeException`, `NullReferenceException`, `StackOverflowException`, `ArgumentException`, `InvalidOperationException` and `DivideByZeroException`.

Some of the cases when exceptions should be thrown include:

- if the method cannot complete its defined functionality
- an inappropriate call to an object is made, based on the object state

> - when an argument to a method causes an exception

Reviewer: I think this content can be omitted here and moved to the `after.md` file as the student will be able to solve the exercise (see [the docs](https://github.com/exercism/v3/blob/master/docs/concept-exercises.md#docsintroductionmd)).

Small addendum: it would be really nice to also note in the `after.md` document that exceptions should only be used in exceptional cases, and not for control-flow.
